[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER] You want my
treasure? You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into the
Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece,
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets that they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to
be the end of road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
[LUFFY] I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
Two years have passed
since the War of the
Best in Marineford.
Reuniting after their
special training,
Luffy and his crew continue
on to the New World.
The first stop on their
journey is Fishman Island,
thousands of feet
below sea level.
However, shortly upon arrival,
they found the
New Fishman Pirates
disturbing the peace
of the Ryugu Kingdom.
[yells]
[SHIRAHOSHI]
What a horrid thing to do!
[SHIRAHOSHI] Who are you, sir,
and what are you doing here?
Please don't hurt me!
Whoa. That's one big lady.
Uh, I mean, big fish lady.
[sobs] Someone help me!
Father, please! Brother, please!
Hey, wait! I didn't come
here to kill ya, okay?
[sobbing]
Ah! You suck, lady! Shut up!
[LUFFY]
"A Coward and a Crybaby!
The Princess in the
Hard Shell Tower!"
[WADATSUMI grunts]
[WADATSUMI]
Hey! Stay lit! Dimwit!
How many times have I gotta
tell ya that we're working here?
Wait to eat on your
own time, ya got it?
Ooh, yummy!
[DECKEN]
Wadatsumi!
[DECKEN] Is there anything
you're neglecting to tell me?
Have you received a reply
from Princess Shirahoshi yet?
No. Sorry, Captain Decken.
There's still no word.
[DECKEN sighs] Just how long
has she kept me waiting?
[WADATSUMI]
Uh... About ten years or so.
She's really taking her time.
[DECKEN]
I don't blame her.
This is the doing of
that despicable Neptune.
He intends to force the Princess
into a political marriage!
Or so I suspect!
Ten years now!
That heartless monarch has
kept his daughter locked
in a steel tower
for an entire decade!
Oh, how it pains me so!
This cruel tragedy!
The Princess and I are in love!
Ha!
So, I suspect!
Princess Shirahoshi!
You are my love!
I love you! I love you!
No matter how far I search
along this vast seafloor,
I will never find another as big
and beautiful as you, my dear!
We are meant to be together.
Yes! And so, I'll twist
the head off fate itself
to prevent you from
being with anyone else.
I'd rather see you dead.
Your choice. [cackles]
You can live as my wife,
or stop living altogether.
Let me give you another
token of my love.
An axe with a rose on it.
Accept this emblem of
my deadly, undying love!
Captain? Isn't that
the wrong direction?
Don't be a fool!
You know I never miss my target!
Just watch.
[FLYING PIRATE 532AA]
It reversed course!
And look, it's heading straight
towards the Ryugu Palace!
[laughs]
[sobbing, screaming]
Hey, whoa! Will ya calm down?!
I'm just a hungry pirate
lookin' for somethin' t'eat!
Jeez, listen to me!
[sobbing]
Hey! She's so loud! My ears!
[GUARD 532AA]
Princess Shirahoshi's crying!
[GUARD 532BB]
Get to the Hard Shell Tower!
[GUARD 532CC] Fine, but where
the hell are the on-duty guards?
What?! So there's
nobody protecting her?
[GUARD 532A]
I'm sorry, sir!
The guards were in the
middle of changing shifts!
No excuses! To the tower!
Somebody help me, please!
There's a human
here in my chambers!
A bloodthirsty human aiming
to kill me, I'm certain!
Huh? No! Hey!
Quit makin' up stuff!
I just wanted that food!
I didn't even know you
were in here, all right?
[gasps]
Huh?
[LUFFY grunting]
[yelling]
[pants]
The heck was that?
Who's throwin' axes?
[USOPP]
Jeez, c'mon, already!
Where's this banquet?
I'm getting tired of waiting.
My stomach is growling.
Oh, hold on.
I don't even have a
stomach that can growl.
[laughs]
--[NAMI] Hey!
--[BROOK] Yes?
I have a funny feeling
that this banquet's
not happening.
[USOPP]
Ugh. What now?
I thought we'd been
pretty good guests so far.
What's happening?
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT] I hate to
detain you like this, however,
we've just received a rather
distressing call saying that
you people are suspects in
two ongoing investigations!
What? Suspects? For what crime?
First!
Multiple charges of
Mermaid kidnapping!
Whoa, we would never
do something like th--
Second!
By reason of Madam
Sharley's premonition,
your crew is suspected of
bringing potential calamity
to Fishman Island!
Huh? Wait, seriously?
So you're suspecting
us of something
that hasn't even happened yet!
[PAPPAGU]
Shut up!
[NAMI]
They need to shut up!
[NEPTUNE] Hm... Is this
the right course of action?
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
Based on these charges,
we will take your
crew into custody!
Do not let them escape!
Protect Fishman Island
at any cost!
[GUARDS]
Yeah!
Seize them!
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
Princess Shirahoshi!
What's all that noise?
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Sorry.
[LUFFY yelps]
Is everything
all right, Princess?
[GUARD 532DD]
Are you injured somehow?
Um. I'm fine!
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT] You were
crying even louder than usual.
It gave us quite the fright!
Hey, put me dow--!
Hold on, the door
was already open!
Did you see any
intruders here, princess?
Uh, perhaps a strong
current opened it!
I awoke crying from a
bad dream, that's all!
I need ai--!
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT] Hm?
I swear I just heard someone!
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Uh, no that's, well, um...
My... My stomach was rumbling!
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
Oh? Are you certain?
Shark!
Who goes there?
[MEGALO grunts]
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Megalo! You've returned!
Ah. That reminds me.
I have some rather dire
and vexing information
I must relay to you immediately.
It's regarding the pirate
who saved Megalo.
The one known
as Straw Hat Luffy.
Some Mermaid girls
were kidnapped,
and he's our prime suspect.
Also, based on a
troubling prediction
from Madam Sharley, the
Straw Hat crew is considered
a potential risk to
the entire kingdom.
So we've locked them in the
palace prison, just to be safe.
[SHIRAHOSHI gasps]
We already have the
swordsman in custody.
Upon arrival, he drank himself
into a state of compliance.
[grunts, snores]
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
Three other members of the crew
have just arrived, and I imagine
they're in custody
as well by now.
But their captain...
Well, he might be more
perceptive than he appears
and picked up on our intentions.
For he seems to have fled.
He is almost certainly hiding
somewhere in the palace.
So please, be careful.
We'll catch the rest of them
on the island in no time.
I can promise you that.
We will defend this country as
well as your home at any cost.
[stomach growls]
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT] What was
that? I heard something.
[SHIRAHOSHI] Are you sure?
You sound paranoid.
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
No, I'm sure that I--
[SHIRAHOSHI]
It was just your imagination!
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
Well, what I wanted to say...
I feel awful that
we have to arrest
the people who saved Megalo.
I know how much he means to you.
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Shh!
Princess?
You're acting a bit strange.
Are you hiding some--
[GUARD 532C]
Minister. We must leave.
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
Oh. Five minutes already?
Well, we'll be going now.
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
Check every lock on those doors!
[locks clicking]
[SHIRAHOSHI]
You saved me.
Thank you so much. I'm sorry.
I should've given
you a chance earlier.
I hope you'll forgive me.
If I had only known
who you were.
That you were the one
who saved Megalo.
[MEGALO]
Shark! Shark!
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Not to be overly familiar,
but may I call you Luffy?
Yeah, sure.
So, Luffy,
they said that you're
a pirate, right?
Does that mean
you're a bad person?
Oh, I dunno.
I think I'll let you
make that call.
Okay.
Oh. I don't know
if you just heard,
but our soldiers have taken
your friends into custody.
Yeah. That's no big deal.
Trust me on this, there's no way
your guys can keep them
locked up for long.
Really? Huh.
Yeah. Don't worry
about it, though.
So, what's with the ax?
Lemme hear it.
You know who threw the thing?
Were they trying to hit you?
[SHIRAHOSHI] I know who
threw it, and yes, he was.
His name is Vander Decken,
and he's a pirate.
He wanted to marry
me and I refused,
so he wants to kill me now.
And he will. There's no escape.
You see, he ate
the Mark-Mark fruit.
And he used that
power to "mark" me.
All he has to do is throw a
weapon, and it will find me.
Anywhere, any time.
[screams]
[DECKEN laughs]
That's why I never leave here.
My only real chance
to continue living
is being locked away inside
the Hard Shell Tower.
[stomach growls]
I'm so hungry!
Ooh! Oh, yummy!
I can eat all this?
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Go ahead.
[LUFFY]
So good!
So this creep wants to marry you
but he's trying to kill you?
Doesn't make much sense, huh?
'Cause it's usually
one or the other.
Yes. I've been
in here ten years.
[LUFFY] Ten whole years?
Man, you must be bored!
Indeed, and my father made
a well-meaning but
misguided rule.
So now no one can visit
for more than five minutes.
Which is why Megalo's
my only real friend.
Without him...
Well, I wouldn't have
anyone to talk to.
[LUFFY] Yeah, they were
gonna throw a big banquet
to thank us for savin' him.
Guessin' that's
been canceled now.
It's so awful.
Why would they do that?
They don't have to
throw you all in prison.
[SHIRAHOSHI] Though from what
I've heard about Madam Sharley,
all of her premonitions have
been astoundingly accurate.
I suppose that explains
the nature of their caution,
--but still...
--[LUFFY slurping]
Or maybe they were just worried
you would consume the entire
kingdom's food supply.
You humans sure do eat a lot
despite how small you are.
[LUFFY]
That's the old guy's fault.
He made a big fuss
about the banquet.
But then he kept
getting yelled at.
I finally couldn't
wait any longer,
so I followed the smell here.
Hey, by the way, did they
call you "Princess"?
Yes.
[LUFFY]
So you're the Mermaid Princess?
Yes.
That does come with being
King Neptune's daughter.
My name is Shirahoshi.
Shi-what?
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Shirahoshi.
Uh... That's too tough to say.
Ooh! I'm eatin' that!
[SHIRAHOSHI giggles]
You know, I could be wrong,
but you haven't struck me
as a bad person so far.
Are you an adventurer?
Is that why you decided
to become a pirate?
[LUFFY]
Uh-huh.
How wonderful.
Then you must have seen the sun
many times in your adventures.
Oh, yeah!
And what do the stars
in the night sky look like?
Oh! I bet you've seen
all sorts of animals,
and flowers, too, huh?
Now, what else?
Oh, right!
Have you ever been
to the green place?
I think perhaps people
call it a "forest"?
[LUFFY] Hey, relax,
you ask too many questions!
--Just gimme a sec!
--[SHIRAHOSHI] Sure.
It's cute how full
your cheeks are!
Poke!
Stop it! What the heck
is wrong with you?!
[gasps] Puh, puh,
please, don't.
Please don't yell at me!
I just can't handle it!
Oh, no. You're such a-a brute.
[sobs]
Whoa, calm down!
This is nothing
to cry over! Stop!
No one has ever
yelled at me before!
And I don't like it!
It's horrible!
[sobs]
How can someone so big be
such a coward and a crybaby?
Y'know. I don't
think I like you.
[laughs]
[whines]
[SHIRAHOSHI]
How could you say that?
No one's ever said such
an awful thing to me.
You're such a terrible man!
Please! Just go.
I want you to leave!
I can't take it!
It hurts too much!
Ah! I am full!
Thanks for the grub!
With as long as you've
been stuck in here,
no wonder you're
scared of everything.
Leave, Luffy.
Just please get out of here!
[LUFFY]
I could.
But, isn't there someplace
that you wanna go?
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Huh?
Well, of course there is.
There are lots of places
that I'd love to see. Why?
[LUFFY]
Thought you'd say that.
So, let's get outta here!
What?
Let's go take a stroll!
No, I'm not supposed to.
I can't do that.
[LUFFY]
Why not? Just do it!
--You'll be okay!
--[SHIRAHOSHI, MEGALO] Huh?
[LUFFY] If that guy throws
somethin' at you, fine.
I'll take it down,
just like the last time.
[BOTH gasp]
[snoring]
[CELL GUARD 532A]
Look at this guy.
Passed out, sleepin' like
a baby in a jail cell.
You didn't see how much booze
this one drank, did you?
Hurry up!
[CELL GUARD 532B]
They seem awful worked up.
What's goin' on?
[snoring]
Usopp- chin ! Nami- chin !
Brook- chin !
Apprehend them now!
They're just three
measly humans!
Don't do anything dumb!
Please, you gotta
stop resisting!
You really will be
criminals if you don't!
Yet, there is no just cause
for them to lock us up.
Sorry, Camie.
This is such a total letdown.
I really wanted that banquet.
[USOPP] At this point, playing
nice won't do much good.
You heard what he said:
they've made up their minds
about what kind
of people we are.
[GUARDS]
Huh?
If they desire, we'll stay and
fight them till the end of time.
Surely the three of them
aren't that strong.
They must be bluffing.
Listen up, no one knows
what the future holds.
So, whether we're
heroes or villains,
you still shouldn't cross us.
Is it me or has he really
gotten his act together?
[CAMIE] Seems like Brook- chin
and Nami- chin got stronger
over the past two years as well!
See? This is the very prologue
to the future
that's been foreseen!
Then it's your fault!
We wouldn't have fought
back in the first place
if you guys didn't
insist on fighting us!
[NEPTUNE grunts]
Good point.
Ha! But this is nothin'.
Not compared to the giant
insect attack I went through
back when I was on
the Bowin islands.
[BROOK grunts]
[grunts]
[USOPP] Behold! My new
weapon, Black Kabuto!
Ha. I'm happy to give
you a demonstration.
Please, King Neptune,
we need your help!
[NEPTUNE] Hm. Is it really
fair to arrest someone
based on a prediction that
they will commit a crime?
I need time to
contemplate this.
It's a precarious situation.
And until I decide,
you will have to
wait in custody!
[BROOK]
He's quite formidable!
[NEPTUNE grunts]
Surrender!
[NAMI]
Zoro!
Hold on. I thought
they locked you up!
Sounded like you guys
were havin' some fun,
so here I am.
Okay, Captain Decken,
this is it!
[DECKEN] Just wait for
me there, Wadatsumi.
Sure. Aye-aye, Captain.
This way.
[DECKEN] Of course.
Thanks for your patience.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES cheer]
[FISHMAN PIRATE 531AA]
Vander Decken's here!
I knew he'd come!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE 532B]
Welcome!
[DECKEN] Sorry to keep
you gentlemen waiting.
We ran into a bit of
a volcanic eruption.
A pity.
And you must be
the notorious Hordy.
I suspect.
Enough flattery.
You're notorious.
We both are,
Nutty Vander Decken.
Pleasure to meet ya.
A formal handshake?
Just a moment.
That's a bit tricky
for a fellow like me.
Huh?
There we go!
Uh...
Ah. Never mind.
Nice to meet you, too.
It's a pleasure.
Mister Hordy Jones.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES cheer]
[ZEO] Nothing on the
seafloor can stop us now.
The worst of the worst
together at last!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES chanting]
Decken! Decken! Hordy! Hordy!
King Neptune is a royal
nuisance for you and I alike.
I'm sure.
Oh, yeah. We've got
the same goal here.
His army--they take no
pride in being Fishmen.
So together, we
will conquer them.
And then we kill Neptune,
God of the Sea.
[HORDY]
And lastly...
[DECKEN]
...we will destroy...
[BOTH]
...the entire Ryugu Kingdom!
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hats
face off with Neptune.
While they have the
upper hand at first,
Neptune's soldiers threaten
to pop their bubble,
leaving them to drown in
the underwater chambers.
Meanwhile, Luffy and
Shirahoshi avoid the pirates'
attempted infiltration
of the Tower.
The peaceful Ryugu Palace
soon devolves into chaos.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"It's an Emergency!
The Ryugu Palace is Occupied!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!